[wip] sys-apps/ignition: bump commit ID (#1249)
kinvolk/coreos-overlay: changelog/changes/2022-03-07-ignition.md

> - On top of v1 and v2, v3 Ignition spec is now supported. See also: https://www.flatcar.org/docs/latest/provisioning/ignition/specification/#ignition-v3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Besides Ignition v1 and v2 configurations, Ignition configurations with specification v3 (up to 3.3.0) are now supported, see the [docs section for details](https://www.flatcar.org/docs/latest/provisioning/ignition/specification/#ignition-v3)
```
